Hi there. I am quite literally going to tell you my life story, so this is going to be a long wall of text. If you are interested in knowing more about me or just happen to have stumbled upon this, and you are someone who can facilitate changing my life, this page is for you. However, I promise that everything I say here, I believe, speaks to my character.

I self-hosted my first Minecraft server at 10; I built my first computer when I was 14 and always loved Mathletics. I played the clarinet. I played heaps of sports each week: footy, basketball, volleyball, and tennis mostly. I did graphic design and edited YouTube videos. I was math-minded from a young age, but I never wanted that to be the only way I understood myself or the only version of life I explored. I was interested in learning widely and, although I was most definitely a nerd, I made sure to explore everything the world had to offer. This breadth was intentional, even when it meant finishing high school without things like math methods or specialist maths. I completed VCE in 2019 with sociology, further mathematics, informatics, English, physics, and media. Whilst not having a formal high school education in maths has made my Computer Science and math journey more difficult, I do not regret this whatsoever. To me, this was a proper education.

I got accepted by Monash for a Bachelor of Science and Bachelor of Arts, double majoring in Physics and Psychology. After I enrolled, as the 2020 start date got closer and closer, I came to the conclusion that I still wasn't sure what I wanted to do. Whilst there is an art to jumping into things and figuring them out, I still did not think going to university was the best move for me. I called Monash and asked to unenroll. I started making music on Ableton at this point in time as well.

Then COVID happened, and I was at home with no work or class. I got pretty seriously into music production here. Over the next two years, I would've made over 1000 beats. I also started getting into the world of markets and investing. I got into poker pretty seriously too and started playing at tournaments, etc. Call of Duty: Warzone had also just come out, so I got a 2.9 K/D in that (let's gloss over this part). Fast-forward one year, and I started in the Microsoft Traineeship Program. I completed this alongside a traineeship (Certificate IV in IT - Networking) at National IT Solutions, a Managed Service Provider. In this process, I learned hands-on all about computers, servers, domains, how the internet works, and Azure. I also specifically learned a lot about Windows not only through work but also through the Microsoft program. After a year, I finished the traineeship and worked full-time there for another year. I was constantly reflecting on what I wanted, what I enjoyed, and what I needed. I realised that at the intersection of all of this were the theory and the PowerShell scripting I was doing. This was the only programming experience I had at the time, unless you include Minecraft server scripts for my custom servers throughout the years. I barely knew what a function was (my scripts were really bad).

I quit and enrolled in IT at Monash for 2023, transferring into CS a semester later because I had not met its mathematics prerequisites when I originally applied. I made some friends. One of them said I would be good at quantitative trading. I had no idea what that was, but a couple of searches later, I was watching mock interviews on Jane Street's YouTube channel. I had no direct or mutual connections in this space, so I was really in the deep end by myself. Over the next year, I went from plain advanced CS at Monash to adding a minor in Data Science, to adding another minor in maths, to changing into a major in maths. Across this transition, I was reflecting on the maths I missed in high school and how I realised that, in some ways, I was running away from my competitive spirit to push myself and avoiding taking ownership of interests and talents that I knew I had and that the people around me saw too. I wanted to do something hard. Something that would push my intellect, my organisation, and my self-belief. I decided to pursue a test of who I really was, not just who I thought myself to be. All those changes were purely under this motivation—quant trading was a pursuit of something more than an interest. Now my degree was completely geared towards one day being at the cutting edge of a competitive industry where inspiration and challenge occur by the minute. I considered this paramount to my maturity, and one day, when I was older, I hoped to be a person people could reliably lean on. In this journey, I have struggled, and I still am struggling, and I am proud of that.

Now I am graduating at the end of this year. I am approaching the end of my studies, and the thought of what is next for me has been playing in my mind as a recurring theme. Unfortunately, despite several final-round interviews, I have not yet placed in quant trading. Whilst my story may suggest a strictly analytical or logic-driven focus, it does not fully represent the breadth of my interests. The balance I have maintained between technical pursuit and creative expression is an important part of how I think, balance, learn, and problem-solve. To me, production has been a spiritual exercise to keep myself grounded in a technological life bombarded with constant clamour, intellectual greed, and overconsumption.

If you think I am somebody who could create a positive impact in your work or research, send me a message and I will give you a straight up answer whether I am personally aligned. If you are not sure whether I have the right skillset for you, we can figure that out too.

That concludes this message! If you read the full thing, I thank you.
